My!
Look at you putting in
the effort, Yamada-chan.
I need to follow your example.
You already have
the perfect smile, Ohno-san.
Do I, now?
Yamada.
Can I ask you for a face shot
and an interview?
What? Corporate PR stuff again?
At least try to hide
your displeasure, Yamada.
I mean, I just did one not too long ago.
It is what it is.
You're a nominee for
the Smile Award again this year.
Wow!
Fine.
Let's get it over and done with!
That's some code-switching skill.
I almost miss the zero-smile Yamada
from your part-time days.
8 Years Ago
Superfresh Market
We...
Welcome.
You suck!
What exactly is wrong, Chief?
Your eyes are emotionless,
your mouth's twitching,
and your voice is too low.
You're making it sound like
I've got everything wrong.
I'm glad you understand.
How do I teach you to get it right?
Why do you have trouble with this
when the rest of your work's perfect?
It's hardly perfect.
Not when I get complaints
about my customer service.
I'm sorry for always causing you trouble.
Listen, Yamada.
The complaints you get are all from
one customer who's targeting you.
They just want to nitpick the store,
and they're using you as an excuse.
I'll do something about both that
and your customer service.
You just keep at it without overthinking.
Okay.
The chief is really nice to me.
Even though I give her so much trouble.
If you take this to the service counter,
you can trade it in for a coupon.
Oh, is that how it works?
Thank you, miss.
Thank you for shopping with—
We...
Welcome.
Your point card—
Does it look like I brought it?
I forgot mine, obviously.
My apologies.
Would you like a bag—
Do you see any in the basket?
That means I need one.
How many times do I need
to tell you before you learn?
You're absolutely right. I apologize.
I understand.
Hey!
Why would you ring up the eggs first?
What if they crack at the bottom?!
That's basic common sense!
What's going on there?
That doesn't look good.
Did your superiors teach you nothing?!
Are all the other cashiers like you, too?!
Manager!
Chief Gotou!
That one customer's here again.
Yamada-chan's getting yelled at!
Each and every time, you ring me up
like you'd rather be anywhere else.
Why do you even work here, girl?!
Don't listen to him.
Why don't you say something?
Where is your apology?!
My apologies.
Not this again!
At least apologize like you mean it!
This is why I hate student
part-timers serving me!
The one at the convenience
store next door sucked, too,
but you're even worse!
I try to tell you how to do things,
but you can't be bothered—
Hey.
Excuse me.
Can you stop talking?
Wha... What's that supposed to mean?
Can't you see I'm scolding
an incompetent cashier?!
Oh, uh...
Yeah, I heard that loud and clear,
but you started bringing up
irrelevant crap midway.
Also, aren't you always here
yelling at this girl?
Could you give it a rest already?
There are other registers here,
Go, big guy!
so why do you go out of your way...
to do this every time I'm next in line?
Sir, could you come with us, please?
Tch.
Let Ohno-san take over.
You take a break, okay, dear?
Okay.
Superfresh Market
Um...
Oh, hey, it's you.
Thank you for stepping in
to help me back there.
Also, I'm sorry you've had to wait
because of me multiple times.
Hey, wait, no.
It's not like that was all your fault.
No, it is all my fault
for sucking at customer service.
So I'm sorry.
See, I didn't do that
to help you out or anything.
I was just cranky because something
godawful happened at work today,
and then I saw you
getting yelled at again.
It was like, even the cashier who's
always good to me couldn't catch a break.
And that ticked me off,
which is why I stepped in.
I'm good to you?
You are. You're quick and thorough.
You'd say that to a rude part-timer
who doesn't even care?
You don't care?
When you're always giving 100 percent?
Always start with a smile
I have to work fast, if nothing else.
Why can't I do it right?
Wait, are you...
S-Sorry, did I say something
to make you cry?
I'm not crying.
I'm just sweating from my eyes.
Sweat...?
How can you tell I'm always
giving 100 percent?
My customer service is so bad,
I get targeted by a troublesome customer
and cause my coworkers
and the chief so much trouble...
I want to fix this! I love this job!
This sucks...
You love this job, do you?
Then you'll be fine.
Keep doing something because you love it,
and everything else you need
will surely follow.
Huh? A-Are you okay?
It's that.
Your cigarette smoke got into my eyes.
S-Sorry! I brought it too close!
Pfft.
Wait, what is it now?
Are you okay?
All your reactions are so over the top.
Okay, that should do it.
Interview done.
You can take your break now.
Hey, boss?
Back when this store had a different name,
there was a guy who snapped at
a customer who had it out for me.
Remember him?
Huh? Do you have any idea how many
of those I've seen in all my years here?
Not a chance.
I don't remember that at all.
Well, even I don't remember his face.
He always smoked by the entrance
after shopping with us.
He was a man with
ruffled hair, battered shirts,
and awful bags under his eyes.
He stopped showing up after we
removed that ashtray due to a complaint.
I wonder if he's still
smoking somewhere else.
Translation: Sriram Gurunathan
Editing & Typesetting: Geoff Mazzolini
Subtitle Timing: Krzysztof Kunc
Quality Check: Zachary Carlysle
Translation Check: Sho Stifler